---
layout: default
title: 20220726.1 - Mentat - July 26th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220726.1 - July 26th, 2022

| **Release Date** | July 26th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220726.1 |
| **Name** | Mentat |
| **Impacted Modules** | Animal Health, Commercial Hemp, Dairy, From the Land of Kansas, and Pesticide & Fertilizer |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Animal Health**

### Improvements

- Minor UI Updates [2220]

## **Commercial Hemp**

### New Features

- AIMS: Change License Number - Added ability for staff to set the license number. [2021]

### Fixes

- AIMS: Undeleted Lots - Resolved issue that would still show deleted lots in on theall lots tab of the license page. [2170]

## **Dairy**

### Fixes

- Dairy Equipment - Resolved issue when new equipment was created that did not correctly update the display grid. As a result, the "Edit/View" button did not work. [2040]

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Fixes

- AIMS: Resolved issue that prevented new ecommerce members from being created in AIMS. [2265]
- eComm: Resolved issue that would not allow images to be uploaded for vendors. [2037]

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

### Improvements

#### AIMS

- Tonnage Report Payment - Added comment field to "Add/Associate Payment" modal on tonnage report. [2283]
- Exam Enrollments - Added batch print feature for print out of exam enrollee information. [1655]
- Exam Enrollments - Sorted exam enrollee grid and export CSV by Last Name, First Name. [2298]
- Staff Notes - Added ability for users to edit and remove their staff notes. [1865]
- Pesticide Report & License Expiration Report - Renamed "Pesticide Business Report" to "Pesticide Report" and "Pesticide Business Expiration Report" to "License Expiration Report". [2285]
- Pesticide Report - Added all business addresses to the export CSV file. [1656]

#### Portal

- Training Events - Added rich text editor to allow for hyperlinks to be added to training enrollment instructions. [1860]

### Fixes

- AIMS: CA Email Not Sending - Resolved issue that prevented some CA email from going out. [2289/70247]
- Portal: Draft Products - Resolved issue that prevented some draft products from being deleted. [2223/70306]
