---
layout: default
title: 20220323.1 - March 24th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220323.1 - March 24th, 2022

| **Release Date** | March 24th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220323.1-duncan |
| **Name** | Duncan |
| **Impacted Modules** | Animal Health, From the Land of Kansas, and Pesticide & Fertilizer |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Animal Health**

### New Features

- **Fiscal Vouchers** - Includes the ability for AIMS sub-systems to create fiscal vouchers that can be used to distribute payment to SMART suppliers.  Also, includes features for KDA Fiscal team to view and manage the state of said vouchers. (1449, 1450, 1451, 1452)

### Improvements

- Delete Livestock Market Sales Event - Users can now delete livestock market sales events that had been accidentally created. (1325)

### Fixes

- A bug has been resolved that prevented users from setting a head count back to 0 if it had been saved as a value greater than 0. (1324)

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Fixes

- FLOK CMS 
    - A bug has been resolved that was prevents some public users from filling out the membership application. (1504)
    - Minor bug resolution for some pages that had index actions but no view page.  Done to reduce error logs created by bots. (1508, 1509)
- AIMS
    - A bug has been resolved that was preventing some members email history from loading. (1542)

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- **CA Exam Enrollment Engine** - The new CA exam enrollment business engine has been deployed.  This new features is a rebuild of the existing engine and uses newer design patterns to ensure more predicable performance. (1441, 1442)

### Improvements

- Portal - CA Exam Enrollment - The exam list and exam detail page both show a count down to when enrollment ends. (1316)

### Fixes

- Portal 
    - PBL Insurance - A bug was resolved that was showing the wrong insurance expiration date. (1457)
    - CA Exam Enrollment - A bug was resolved that would double enroll a CA in a that same test. 
    - CA General - Resolved issue with CAs not selecting a state for their address and then it causing issues in other places. (SDP #69374)
- AIMS 
    - CA Exam Enrollment - A bug was resolved that would still show a CA enrolled in an exam time slot even after all test had been removed from the enrollment (1231)

