---
layout: default
title: 20220419.1 - April 19th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220419.1 - April 19th, 2022

| **Release Date** | April 19th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220419.1-gurney |
| **Name** | Gurney |
| **Impacted Modules** | Commercial Hemp, Pesticide & Fertilizer  |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Commercial Hemp**

### New Features

- KDA Portal Hemp License Update 
    - Major update to how licensees view licenses, sections, and lots in KDA Portal.
    - Major update to how licensees submit planting, pre-harvest, harvest, and effective disposal reports in KDA Portal.

### Fixes

- Minor revisions to: Search License page, Create License page, License page, Section page, Lot page, and Individual page. (1695)

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- KDA Portal Pesticide Dealer Update
    - **New Pesticide Dealer Registration:** Portal now supports the ability for new pesticide dealers to register their business online. https://portal.kda.ks.gov/enrollment/pesticide-dealer-registration
    - **Existing Pesticide Dealer Enrollment:** Portal's enrollment module now support enrolling pesticide dealers that have been imported from KRS by using their current registration # and pervious KRS password.  https://portal.kda.ks.gov/enrollment/pesticide-dealer-enrollment
    - **Pesticide Dealer Registration Renewal:** Portal now supports pesticide dealer registration renewals.
    - **Restricted Use Pesticide (RUP) Product Sales Reporting:** Portal now supports the submission for of annual RUP sales reports.  These reports can also be created and edited in AIMS.
    - **Pesticide Dealer Business Contact Management:** Portal's pesticide business profile manage has been extended to allow pesticide dealers to update some contact information and manage business addresses.

### Fixes

    - AIMS: Resolved issue where some CA's where not being sent exam results. (1690)
    - Portal: Removed the ability for pesticide and fertilizer businesses to modify their FEIN, Year of Incorporation, Business Type, State of Incorporation, and Corporate officers. (SDP #69269)


