---
layout: default
title: 20220610.1 - June 13th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220610.1 - June 13th, 2022

| **Release Date** | June 13th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220610.1 |
| **Name** | Kynes |
| **Impacted Modules** | Commercial Hemp, Dairy, From the Land of Kansas, Pesticide & Fertilizer  |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Commercial Hemp**

### Improvements

- Added email staff notification feature to public report submissions. [1991]

## **Dairy**

### New Features

- Dairy Manufacturing: Sprint 3 [1967, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1972, 1971, 1945]
    - Updated global lab testing and reporting system to include new objects and report structure.
    - Updated global lab result tab to support multi-authorization display.
    - Improved global inspection tab and results to support multi-authorization display.
    - Added 3 Dairy Manufacturing inspection types.
    - Added feature to support tracking pasteurization equipment for dairy manufacturing.

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Improvements

- E-Commerce: Vendors/Members can now view shipping and tax amounts on an order. [1857]

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- Fertilizer Tonnage by Others: Added report submission page to KDA Portal for reporting fertilizer tonnage that needs to be paid by others.  Feature will not be visible until remaining work is ready for go live. [1964, 1965]

### Improvements

- Pest Dealers: AIMS - Multi-Dealer Renewals - Users can now renew a family of pest dealers at the same time. [1951]

### Fixes

- Certified Applicators: Resolved an issue that was not sending a receipt email to some pre-enrolled CAs when their credit card was charged. [2015]
- Reg Tech Cards: Resolved an issue that was not generating the correct categories on reg tech card PDFs. [2035 / 69958]
- Product Registration: Resolved issue where uncompleted registrations in Portal could delete registration created in AIMS. AIMS users can now only delete registration if they set them to a “Denied” status first. [2039]


