---
layout: default
title: 20220527.6 - May 30th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220527.6 - May 30th, 2022

| **Release Date** | May 30th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220527.6 |
| **Name** | Jamis |
| **Impacted Modules** | Animal Health, Commercial Hemp, Dairy, From the Land of Kansas, Pesticide & Fertilizer |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Animal Health**

### New Features

- Livestock Market Report Overview Page: This page allows for any "in-process" livestock market reports to be viewed in a single location.  The page includes 4 tabs that lists reports in various workflow states.  These states are based on the status of creating and completing vouchers. [1843]

### Improvements

- SMART PO #: Added the ability to associate a SMART PO # to an animal health entity in AIMS.  This number only changes annually and can now be entered once and change as needed. [1844]
- General updates to UI look. [1678]

## **Commercial Hemp**


### New Features

- License Summary Report (AIMS): A CSV download of associated hemp reports can now be found on the license and section pages.  On the license page this feature is located in the action menu and on the section page there is a button at the top right. [1704]

### Improvements

- Various UI & Layout Changes in KDA Portal: Requested business required changes to the hemp pages in KDA Portal have been completed. [1842]
- Legacy Page Redirect: Portal will now redirect users trying to visit older hemp pages to the new hemp landing page. [1987]

### Fixes

- License Payment Generation: Resolved an issue that was not correctly creating a license payment in AIMS. [1900]

## **Dairy**

### New Features

- Dairy Manufacturers: Progress continues to be made on the dairy manufacturing license in AIMS. New features added this sprint include license management and sales reports. 

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Improvements

- Member Benefit Year Selection (AIMS): The tab showing what benefits FLOK members have enrolled in now contains a drop down to select the year.  This defaults to the current year. [1687]

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- Certified Applicator Training Notification: CA's will now receive an email when training credits have been entered into AIMS.  Like exam results these will be sent once they are entered.  There is a checkbox that allows staff to avoid sending this email if necessary. [1148]

### Improvements

- Portal - Product registrants can delete draft products. [1055]
- AIMS - Fert Tonnage report tab on company page updated to show which reports are in draft status and correctly show payment status. [1372]
- Portal - Added Training Program PDF link to "Technician Training Program" page. [1456]
- Portal - Added credit card download form to the reg tech and uncerts page. [1657] 
- Portal - Split the category and credit hour values into separate columns on the public training listing page. [1861] 
- Portal - Electronic devices acknowledgment during CA exam enrollment. The text for this is controlled from settings and can be changed without re-deployment: "I accept the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge KDA may refuse to administer exam(s) if I bring cell phones, electronic devices, or study material into the exam room." [1863]
- AIMS - Pest Dealer registration questions were incorrect; they have been updated. [1953]
- AIMS - Pesticide, Fertilizer, and Soil Amendment renewal PDFs now list products in alphabetical order. [1988] 

### Fixes

- AIMS - Pest Dealer Renewal - Resolved issue with RUP sales questions not saving. [1952]
- AIMS - Product Registration Approval - Resolved issue where "Waiting no Customer" modal would not close. Close button and modal "X" have been updated. [1974]

