---
layout: default
title: 20220624.1 - June 28th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220624.1 - June 28th, 2022

| **Release Date** | June 28th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220624.1 |
| **Name** | Leto |
| **Impacted Modules** | Commercial Hemp, Dairy, From the Land of Kansas, Pesticide & Fertilizer  |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Commercial Hemp**

### New Features

- AIMS: Submitted Reports page - The submitted reports page now includes several more tabs intended to help determine the current state of reporting for each lot. [1897]
    - "All Reports" - This tab shows all reports created for the selected year. 
    - "Hemp Lots" - This tab shows hemp lots that do NOT have any reports associated to it. 
    - "Planting Reports" - This tab shows planting reports that have NOT had a pre-harvest or effective disposal report(s) associated to it. 
    - "Pre-Harvest Reports" - This tab shows pre-harvest reports that have NOT had a harvest or effective disposal report(s) associated to it. 

### Improvements

- AIMS: License page - All reports tab.  There is now a tab on the main license page that shows all reports associated to that license. [1899]
- AIMS: Lot page - There is now a button to download all lot associated reports to a CSV file. [2026]
- Reports: Effective Disposal Report - Updated to allow only a single reason for destruction to be selected. [2024]
- Reports: Planting Report - Update to association structure allows for planting reports to have both pre-harvest and effective disposal reports associated to it. [2025]
- Reports: Planting Report - Update "Initial or Replant" to be a select list rather than text box. [2023]
- Reports: All - Require at least one "end-use" to be selected on each report. [2022]

## **Dairy**

### New Features

- Dairy Manufacturing: Work was done to add several new features to the dairy manufacturing license: Products & Water Sources. [2020,2017,2018,2019]

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Fixes

- FLOK CMS - Member & Market List pages - Resolved an issue that allowed for non-public address city and state to be displayed with an entry. [1981]

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- **Fertilizer Tonnage Paid by Others:** AIMS & Portal - AIMS now supports the electronic entry and management of fertilizer tonnage paid by others reports. [2029, 2028, 2027]
    - KDA Portal: Fertilizer Registrants can now use KDA Portal to submit "Fertilizer Tonnage Paid by Others" reports.
    - AIMS: KDA staff can view/edit submitted reports and add new reports.

### Improvements

- AIMS: PBL and CA display pages - On the "Associations" tabs in both the CA and PBL page if the association is a "CA" then the "Expires" column is blank. [1859]

### Fixes

- AIMS: Business display page - Resolved an issue that would clear the parent company when editing child company information. [1859]
