---
layout: default
title: 20220404.1 - April 5th, 2022
nav_exclude: true
---
[<< Back to Release Notes](/aims-docs/docs/release/)

# AIMS Release: 20220404.1 - April 5th, 2022

| **Release Date** | April 5th, 2022 |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Version** | 20220404.1-fenring |
| **Name** | Fenring |
| **Impacted Modules** | Animal Health, Commercial Hemp, From the Land of Kansas, and Pesticide & Fertilizer |


# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Animal Health**

### New Features

- **Livestock Market Fiscal Voucher Generation** - Includes the ability for Fiscal Voucher to be generated from Animal Health Livestock Market Reports.  Voucher payments can be generated for service providers and vet inspection, brand inspection, and backtag inspection services. (1501, 1507, 1506, 1492)

## **Commercial Hemp**

### New Features

- AIMS (Staging Site Only)
    - Added full license export button to "Hemp Dashboard" page. (1520)
    - Added search for and use existing license and individual to "Create License" page. (1521)
    - Added split between license # and Application Id to License Display page. (1522)
    - Minor changes and updates to Planting Report. (1527)
    - Minor changes and updates to License Display page (1524)
    - Minor changes and updates to Lot Display page (1525)
    - Minor changes and updates to Person Display page (1526)

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### New Features

- **nopCommerce 4.50.1 Upgrade** - Deployed nopCommerce 4.50.1 Test Site with KDA customizations:
    - Caching for Tax Lookup (1445)
    - Split Orders by Warehouse (1446)
    - Single Email Per Order to Vendor (1544)

### Fixes

- **AIMS: Benefit Enrollment Invoice Generation** - Resolved an issue that was not allows invoices to be generated for approved benefit enrollments and newer members. (1591)

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- AIMS: Delete Product Registrations - Staff can now delete product registration records from the "Registrations" tab on the Product Display page. (1136)

### Fixes

- AIMS
    - Person Merge - Resolved issue that caused some P&F individual records to fail a merge. (1587)
    - CA Exam Enrollment - Resolved issue that would allow users to enroll an individual multiple times using the "Add Enrollment" button. (1589)
    - PBL Report - Resolved an issue that would cause the PBL report page to crash when trying to filter by county. (1607)
    - Tonnage Reports - Resolved issue that would not who names of who had created/modified tonnage reports. (1397 / SDP #1397)

