# **AIMS 20220204.3 (Arrakis) Release - February 8th, 2022**

| **Release Date** | February 8th, 2022 |
| --- | --- |
| **Version** | 20220211.1-arrakis |
| **Name** | Arrakis |
| **Impacted Modules** | FLOK CMS, Portal, AIMS, Animal Health, Dairy, and Hemp |


# Hotfix Updates

- 2/14/2022 - Pesticide & Fertilizer: Applied short term fix to avoid AIMS sending out CA exam results prior to exam being taken. (1362)

# Release Improvements and fixes

## **Commerical Hemp**

### Fixes

- AIMS - Resolved issue with action trails not listing.

## **From the Land of Kansas**

### Fixes

- **AIMS Site**
    - FLOK member media files not listing, resolved issue.
    - FLOK member staff notes not saving, resolved issue.
    - Resolved issue with monthly payable generation using incorrect address for some orders.

- **FLOK CMS Site**
    - Resolved Issue with blog postings not displaying.
    - Resolve issue with incorrect link in new membership email sent to staff.

## **Pesticide & Fertilizer**

### New Features

- **AIMS - Merge Company Tool** - This new feature will allow AIMS users to merge duplicate companies in the Pesticide and Fertilizer module in AIMS.  To use this feature, go to the duplicate company you want to remove (source) in AIMS.   The click the the "Actions" menu and click "Merge to Primary Entity", now search for the company you want to merge this company into.  Once selected you will be taken to the merge page where you have several options on how you can merge the two companies. (1252)

### Improvements

- **AIMS - Product Registration** - When a new registration for a product is created, if the status of that product is "Expired" that it is changed to "Active"

### Fixes

- **AIMS**
    - Resolved issue when trying to open deleted organization or person. (BUG00010)
    - Resolved fertilizer tonnage calculations and amounts being cleared out. (SDP #68834)
    - Resolve new person merge tool showing deleted records when search for destination record. (BUG00022)
    - Resolve issue with when removing tonnage payment. (1221)
    - Resolved issue with Portal users that have no groups and having an error in AIMS.
    - Resolved issue when opening product registration. (SDP #68908)
    - Resolved issue with organization and person search showing deleted records. (1335/1336)
    - Resolved issue when both "Waiting on Customer" and "Document Changed" are set to true, these will now show in the "Waiting on Customer" tab. (SDP #68958)
    - Removed ability for Portal users to use ACH accounts as a form of payment for CA exam registration.

- **KDA Portal**
    - Resolved issue with users getting other users CA exam enrollment emails.
    - Resolved issue when loading PBL License Page When Start or End Date Is Null (BUG00009)